README.md, before:

# Tech Talks

Collection of interesting tech talks

## Misc
- [Seeing Spaces](https://vimeo.com/97903574) by Bret Victor: What if we designed a new kind of "maker space" -- a space that isn't just for putting pieces together, but also for seeing and understanding a project's behavior in powerful ways?
- [Ruthlessly Simple Dependency Management with Carthage](http://realm.io/news/swift-dependency-management-with-carthage/) by Justin Spahr-Summers: This talk explains what Carthage is and how to use it, then dives into the philosophy of ruthless simplicity that inspired the project. 

## Functional Programming
- [Enemy of the State](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AqXBuJOJkY) by Justin Spahr-Summers: This talk explains what state is, details exactly why it's so harmful, and offers ways to minimize and avoid state, making the apps we develop simpler and more reliable.
- [Functioning as a Functionalist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJosPrqBqrA) by Andy Matuschak: Swift makes it easier than ever to apply functional paradigms to your codebase. But you’re working with a platform—and perhaps an old codebase—which are completely procedural. Your teammates may not have tried functional programming before. If you spout functionalist jargon unprompted in every code review, you’ll create culture clash: you can’t give someone an answer to a question they haven’t asked.

## React
- [Introducing React Native](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVZ-P-ZI6W4) by Tom Occhino: Tom Occhino reviews the past and present of React in 2015, and teases where it's going next. 
- [A Deep Dive into React Native](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rDsRXj9-cU)
by Christopher Chedeau: Christopher Chedeau takes us on a quick tour of the React Native architecture and shows off the developer experience.

Commit message:

Add Building Functional Apps by @soffes

README.md, after:

# Tech Talks

Collection of interesting tech talks

## Misc
- [Seeing Spaces](https://vimeo.com/97903574) by Bret Victor: What if we designed a new kind of "maker space" -- a space that isn't just for putting pieces together, but also for seeing and understanding a project's behavior in powerful ways?
- [Ruthlessly Simple Dependency Management with Carthage](http://realm.io/news/swift-dependency-management-with-carthage/) by Justin Spahr-Summers: This talk explains what Carthage is and how to use it, then dives into the philosophy of ruthless simplicity that inspired the project. 

## Functional Programming
- [Enemy of the State](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AqXBuJOJkY) by Justin Spahr-Summers: This talk explains what state is, details exactly why it's so harmful, and offers ways to minimize and avoid state, making the apps we develop simpler and more reliable.
- [Functioning as a Functionalist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJosPrqBqrA) by Andy Matuschak: Swift makes it easier than ever to apply functional paradigms to your codebase. But you’re working with a platform—and perhaps an old codebase—which are completely procedural. Your teammates may not have tried functional programming before. If you spout functionalist jargon unprompted in every code review, you’ll create culture clash: you can’t give someone an answer to a question they haven’t asked.
- [Building Functional Apps](https://realm.io/news/sam-soffes-building-functional-apps/): As things become more encapsulated & abstract, it becomes easier to reuse components. Sam Soffes demonstrates how to take this to the extreme, by reusing Swift code between Mac and iOS, for his popular app, Redacted.

## React
- [Introducing React Native](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVZ-P-ZI6W4) by Tom Occhino: Tom Occhino reviews the past and present of React in 2015, and teases where it's going next. 
- [A Deep Dive into React Native](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rDsRXj9-cU)
by Christopher Chedeau: Christopher Chedeau takes us on a quick tour of the React Native architecture and shows off the developer experience.
